Add alert for Linky (#150)
home-assistant/alerts.home-assistant.io: alerts/linky.markdown

---

> title: "API changes from march 2020 make some users impossible to authenticate"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Linky API changes from preventing authentication"
```

created: 2020-07-13 10:40:00
integrations:
  - linky
github_issue: https://github.com/home-assistant/core/issues/33634
homeassistant: ">0.79.0"
---

> An automatic Enedis API changes from march 2020 make some users impossible to authenticate, a fix is in work in progress, see details on the GitHub issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An automatic Enedis API changes from March 2020 makes it impossible for some users to authenticate. A fix is in work in progress, see details on the GitHub issue.
```
